The events database contains entries representing an individual event

Each event entry has the following attributes:
	A PUUID, the Post Universally Unique IDentifier
		The string is randomly generated by a combination of hashing the event's creation timestamp* and taking the output of /dev/urandom
			* hashing the Unix timestamp, e.g. `hash(date +%s)`
	A title, what will be displayed
	An owner, the USERNAME of the user which owns the event
		I debated with myself over whether I wanted events tied to user UUIDs or usernames, and settled on usernames because I figured that:
			0) user UUIDs should be used only by user-related functions
			1) Event coordinators may choose to transfer a username between user accounts, in which the following two cases happen:
				events tied to user UUIDs:
					old events from the event coordinators get taken to some obscure, perhaps personal, account
				events tied to usernames:
					when a different event coordinator takes over a username, old events stick with the account
	Contents, detailed information about the event
		Can contain multiple sub-entries, see the example JSON
	Comments, user comments on the event
		Stored internally as a stringified dict
	RSVPers, a list of users who are going to the event
		Stored internally as a stringified list
	Tags, tags associated with the event

An example JSONified representation of a event entry might be as such:
{
	"PUUID": "0485630957483028485048384"
	"title": "The Thirtieth Annual Meeting of the Oregon Firestarting Club"
	"owner": "firelover88"
	"contents": {
		"date": "2018-06-14"
		"location": "The YMCA down on Fifth Street"
		"description": "Do you love fire? Do you love making fire? Come on down, we'll show you around! We love making fire too! Join the fire, embrace the lovely sensation that comes with burning things!"
	}
	"comments": {
		"flameboy": "Can't wait to see my favorite thing: fire!"
		"firehater89": "Fire is real bad! It killed my family!"
		"the_police": "Sure hope there won't be anything illegal going on here! Y'alls got a license?"
	}
	"RSVPers": "['flameboy','not_the_police','R-Sonist','hotsau19ce']"
	"tags": "fire,no cops,burn,flame,love,romance,fireplace,construction,destruction"
}
